README.md, before:

# INST-1550-Final-Project

<h2> Installation Process </h2>

1. Download all of the HTML/CSS files (in the HTML/CSS folder)
1b. Make sure both the HTML files and CSS file are in the same location!
2. Download all of the image files
3. Change all of the paths in the HTML code to where it is located in your system (current code has absolute pathing)
4. Run the index.html(homepage) file on Google Chrome.
5. Enjoy!

<h2> Why did I make this? </h2>

  For my INST 1550 Class (99 Problems), I was tasked with finding a problem, and creating a viable solution for the problem. The problem I wanted to tackle was racism. Racism is a prominent problem in America that affects everyone and almost every part of someone's life. A big cause of the problem is that not enough people are educated about other ethnic groups and races, which has led to systematic discrimination. My solution to this problem was to make a website that will break down the stereotypes and educate people about ethnic groups. I chose to make a website because of my interest in web page development and programming.
  
<h2> Author </h2>

This website was created by Joshua Ya(jy2xj), a student at the University of Virginia. Feel free to contact me at jy2xj@virginia.edu

<h4> Disclaimer </h4>
Website is still Work In Progress! Also, some information was taken off of other websites.

Commit message:

updated readme.md instructions for image relative pathing

README.md, after:

# INST-1550-Final-Project

<h2> Installation Process </h2>

For Mac systems (haven't tested on windows system):

1. If you can clone the repository, Clone the repository using git onto your local system.
2. If you cannot clone the repository, download all of the HTML/CSS files (in the HTML/CSS folder). Make sure both the HTML files and CSS file are in the same location! Then, download all of the image files. The files and folders should stay in the same positions relative to how it looks in github.
4. Run the index.html(homepage) file on Google Chrome.
5. Enjoy!

<h2> Why did I make this? </h2>

  For my INST 1550 Class (99 Problems), I was tasked with finding a problem, and creating a viable solution for the problem. The problem I wanted to tackle was racism. Racism is a prominent problem in America that affects everyone and almost every part of someone's life. A big cause of the problem is that not enough people are educated about other ethnic groups and races, which has led to systematic discrimination. My solution to this problem was to make a website that will break down the stereotypes and educate people about ethnic groups. I chose to make a website because of my interest in web page development and programming.
  
<h2> Author </h2>

This website was created by Joshua Ya(jy2xj), a student at the University of Virginia. Feel free to contact me at jy2xj@virginia.edu

<h3> Updates </h3>

03/09/2016 Added relative pathing to the images (for mac)

<h4> Disclaimer </h4>
Website is still Work In Progress! Also, some information comes from other websites.
